PRO-937 Pieces basics page (#55)
apostrophecms/a3-docs: docs/guide/pieces.md

# Pieces

> "Piece types" are classifications for standalone, structured content. Each database document created with a piece type module is known as a "piece". The piece type defines how pieces are structured, how end users interact with them, and how they might interact with other content. Blog posts, events, and people profiles are all common examples of piece types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Piece types" are classifications for structured content. Events, products, and author profiles are all common examples of piece types. Individual records of a piece type are known as "pieces".
```

**Each database document created with a piece type module is known as a "piece".**  -- this feels like it could have value, but not here. We don't need to talk directly about the database, this is implied. It might be beneficial to have a section on 'how things are stored' in the db, for developers who wish to know.

**The piece type defines how pieces are structured, how end users interact with them, and how they might interact with other content** -- I think this is implied, so I suggest removal. We know that a piece is 'structured content', so that part isn't necessary. A CMS is about creating content that end users can interact with, so I think thats also implied. 

Removed 'blog posts' from this because its just a bit or difficult to understand. Later, I think we use the example of "articles in a blog" to define 'pieces', which is more clear.

Author: I don't think we should consider so much to be obvious to a new developer. In some systems the content types only really define the fields available. In Apostrophe we make much more than that available to configure, so I suggest the more complete picture.

Use cases for pieces include:

> - Content that will be listed using pagination, such as **articles in a blog**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Articles in a blog
```
Pagination isn't important here, imo.

> - Content of a particular type that will help to organize other content, such as **teams that connect to people pieces**

Reviewer: This one is confusing. Can we use something like "The **author** of an article".

> - Content that will be selectively displayed based on end user input, such as **products on a store's website**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Individual products in a store
```
The selectivity doesn't seem critical to this example? We're always on a website in these docs.

> Pieces are distinct from "pages" in Apostrophe in that they do not inherently have an internal hierarchy: generally speaking, one piece is not the "parent" of another of the same type. Pieces also do not necessarily have dedicated web pages for each one. In the "teams" and "people" example, there may be a web page for each team, but the people are only displayed within those team pages -- not on their own pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pieces do not always have a dedicated slug or web page. For example, in the "author" and "article" example, there will likely be a page for every article, but not a page for every author. 
```

I dont really understand what 'internal hierarchy' means here, or if its necessary to call attention to the fact that they are orphan documents. To me, this implies that if you deleted a piece-type, everything would still be fine, but thats not the case.

Author: It refers to the page tree and pieces not having inherent relationships with one another the way pages do.
